>> Brian Holt: So now in my directory
I have this big old prompt and
I'm going to say Claude here and
I'm just going
to post that business in there and
say, yo, Logo.
Now this might take a while because
it's got a lot of stuff to do.
Also, be mindful that Claude
code uses a lot of tokens.
So if you are on, if you're paying for
this right now or you're on a PRO account
and you don't want to burn all of your
tokens, don't follow along with this part
because this cloud code uses a ton
of tokens by default it uses Opus,
which is a much bigger and
much more expensive model for you to use.
But it does make cool stuff.
So you can see here,
I'm just fascinated by this tool.
>> Speaker 2: Just a heads up, Brian.
It defaults to Sonnet if you're on
the plus plan and Opus if it's Max.
>> Brian Holt: That's good to know.
So, yeah,
it's gonna start asking you questions.
I mean, I don't know if we're
going to sit here and wait for
this to happen because this
does take a long time.
But yeah, you can say yes.
You can say yes and don't ask again
because that's probably not a bad idea.
Actually, it's a terrible idea.
But I just always say yes because I mean,
if we're being super honest, I'll just say
go and then I'll start doing something
else on my computer and I'll come back.
Yeah, sure, whatever.
Cool.
So let's go ahead and open this.
We let this run for a little while and
I answered yes to a lot of questions and
didn't really read them.
I was vibing, as we say, and
we ended up with something like this.
So it came up with its own instructions.
Let's close this of how do you run it?
What other things do we need?
It used Neon.
It used Neon Auth, which is Stack Auth,
which is a different company
that Neon contracts out with.
It came up with its own TS config.
You can see here's some
of the packages that
used React, Tailwind, Zod, next Eslint.
It's all TypeScript based.
It's fairly well laid out,
the code makes sense.
It's all really cool that it's
able to use like Stack Auth.
Okay, cuz it's a fairly
new piece of technology.
Again, I'm pretty impressed with
the stuff that it puts out.
It's all usually pretty readable,
but now we have all this done.
Let me remove, because this is
all tied to a GitHub already.
Or I can just have it do that.
So let's open our Ghosty.
Where am I?
Make sure I'm in the right one.
Okay, I am.
So I'm gonna open Claude again.
Let's say Claude MCP list,
make sure all my stuff is still working.
So Claude, and then I'm going to say use
Playwright to make sure the login works.
Okay.
So it's going to make a plan for it.
It should eventually spin up Playwright,
which should open Chrome.
It should get back some
screenshots from it.
Yeah, sure, I don't care, whatever.
So it sees that the server is running,
it's going to spin that up.
So that is our app that it generated.
So you can see here, it's actually
running stuff behind the scenes here.
Test user.
It's putting in a password.
This is the power of mcp, right?
There's a Playwright MCP server that
it's interacting with to actually be
able to test this.
Then it's getting screenshots back and
evaluating.
Did it do what I thought
it was supposed to do?
No, it's Chrome.
Why would I want to save that?
Pretty cool, right?
It's cool that my agent is testing itself.
So it's signed up, it's gonna test,
log out, all that kind of stuff.
I'm going to stop it now
because I don't really care.
But we'll get back into this and
say, file a GitHub issue for
dark mode, wax poetic about it and
make sure that everyone knows that
dark mode is critical to business success.
I think I've already connected
this to a GitHub repository.
We'll see.
I think I did.
So it should be able to
come to Bthold/Todoer.
We should see one in here.
You can see it's able to commit for you.
It's able to push,
it's able to open pull requests.
We're doing one thing,
which is filing an issue, but
it can really manage your
entire GitHub experience.
Then again, I love the fact that
I can say, go create this issue.
Go create a plan of how to solve it,
then open that issue.
And then later I can come back and
say, okay,
now open a pull request
that fulfills this issue.
And it just goes back and forth.
And so you don't end up, like,
not really interacting with Claude a lot.
You end up, like,
leaving comments on issues and
then telling Claude to go do that.
It becomes a much more human way of
Interacting like a way that we've already
been interacting with Claude.
Yeah, here we go.
It wrote a manifesto according to it.
My God, the Dawn of Darkness.
I'm thoroughly enjoying this.
As you can see.
It's just straight up made up statistics.
I just love that you
could really just say,
okay, now go fulfill issue number two
from GitHub and open a pull request.
It's gonna go do that.
It's going to go pull that issue.
I'm going to implement dark mode for
it and it's just going to go do it.
Gives you the plan goes through and
does it?
Yeah.
So with Neon, I would just say like, hey,
I need to add this to my database or
I need to add 10 more test users to this.
It's all stuff that the Neon MCP
server can handle for.
Yeah, sure, whatever.
I don't care for the context 7 1.
It's just useful for, I'm working
with this bleeding in feature or
something that's like
very prone to get wrong.
Like MCP is actually a great example of
something that Claude code is actually
very prone to get wrong.
It's like, hey, make sure you're using
context 7 when you're coding this MCP
server to make sure that you're using
the most up to date information.
Yeah, look, it figures out that if
there's already dark mode CSS variables,
it goes and does that.
It's going to go and
end up opening a pull request.
Sure.
I'm, like I said,
thoroughly impressed, particularly for
something I just need to get done and
get done quickly.
I was writing a campaign website for
one of my friends that decided to run for
city office.
What's hilarious is I was on the call
with him for like 30 minutes.
Let's just talk about what he wanted
to do, what he'd put on his website,
me a big doc of everything
that he was thinking about.
And I just like threw that at Claude
code with all these MCP servers and
just said go.
And by the end of our conversation,
I sent him the website for
what he was thinking about and
he's like, what is this black magic?
I was like,
this is me being profoundly lazy,
that I don't actually want
to go do this myself.
I just let AI write all of this and
it turned out really well.
Jury's out, he's still running.
So I don't know if he's going to win yet,
but
I at least fulfilled everything
that he wanted out of it.
There you go.
Addressing the Critical
business need Retina friendly.
>> Speaker 2: This is more of a general
question, but there's versioning for
MCP servers.
It looks like it's semantic versioning was
that anytime there's a new tool you would
bump up.
How does versioning work for
an MCP server?
It's considered a breaking change
since an LLM is gonna prompt you for
the input it needs anyways.
>> Brian Holt: I would just treat
it like you treat APIs right?
Just judging on,
if you had an agent relying on this
shape to exist previously
then I would do that and
just kind of rely on patch minor/major.
So if you're just adding something or
fixing something then patch it.
If you are just adding something but
not breaking anything then it's minor.
And if you're removing or
deprecating or something like that,
I don't know if any of them are actually
going to observe the semantics
of it because people are so
unreliable about versioning anyway.
I guess really the answer to your question
is this is no different than normal API
versioning or SDK versioning.
I don't think that the LLMs have any
particular logic around how that works.
I think it's actually more for humans.
But the more important thing is that it
changes so that the LLM knows to not use
the version that it has that
it needs to go get it again.
This is pretty cool though,
look, put screenshots on this.
That's something I wouldn't do.
I'm way too lazy for that.
It added a drop down menus, theme toggles.
Looks very reasonable, right?
All right, very cool.